enable sessions to preserve session settings (#11737)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/unreleased.rst

- Added support of ``numeric`` type to the ``avg`` aggregation function.

> - Enabled HTTP connections to persist :ref:`session settings <conf-session>`
>   across the requests, so that the session settings will be persisted if the
>   same connection is re-used. One of the scenarios that the session settings
>   cannot be persisted includes a multi-node setup with the incoming requests
>   re-distributed in round-robin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enabled HTTP connections to preserve :ref:`session settings <conf-session>`
  across the requests as long as the connection is re-used.

  Note that this is done on a node to node basis. If a client sends requests to
  different nodes, those won't share the same session settings, unless the
  client sets the session settings on each node individually.
```

I'd avoid the word `persist` as it is usually used in the context of storing something permanently (e.g. to disk). Session settings are still ephemeral - but their lifetime is now bound to the connection instead of per request.

Author: much easier to read, Thx. :+1:

- Added support of ``numeric`` type to the ``avg`` aggregation function.

- Enabled session settings to be preserved across http requests.

> 

Reviewer: Maybe clarify that this is only the case within the same connection. So only if the client re-uses the conneciton.

Author: Thanks, I included those points. Please have another look.
